If you are reading this file then the Magick Rotation Installer failed on your system.  You can still install what's needed manually and it should be fairly straight forward.

What you are going to do is install gcc, and the libraries libx11-dev and libxrandr-dev, if they aren't already installed.  Using gcc and the libraries you will compile a small file of C code called check.c.  That will create a file called checkmagic32 or checkmagic64 depending on your system.  You will also copy into place a udev rule to create a device node "/dev/input/hpwmi". 

First ensure you have gcc installed (the GNU C compiler) and the needed libraries.  Unfortunately the libraries will have slightly different names in different distros.  A little detective work is needed using the distro's package manager or google.
Examples:
For Ubuntu you could check with Synaptic Package Manager or the Software Center or use the command line by opening a terminal and entering:
    sudo apt-get install gcc libx11-dev libxrandr-dev
For Fedora look in Add/Remove Software.  Using Find you'll discover the libraries' slightly different names, or you could use 'yum search libx11-dev' say.  In which case you'd discover the library in Fedora is called 'libX11-devel'.  So if you want to install in a terminal instead of using Add/Remove Software:
    su - -c "yum install gcc libX11-devel libXrandr-devel"
For OpenSUSE, go into YaST->Software Management and install gcc libX11-devel xorg-x11-devel.  If you want to use the terminal:
    sudo zypper install gcc libX11-devel xorg-x11-devel

Open a terminal, if you haven't already, and change directory into the magick-rotation folder.  If you extracted the tar onto your Desktop:
    cd Desktop/magick-rotation
Next you want to compile check.c.  Determine if you have a 32-bit or 64-bit install by entering:
    uname -m
Then, if you have a 32-bit install:
    gcc -lX11 -lXrandr check.c -o checkmagick32
Or if you have a 64-bit install:
    gcc -lX11 -lXrandr check.c -o checkmagick64

Verify that either checkmagick32 or checkmagick64 appeared in your magick-rotation folder.

Now copy the 62-magick.rules file in the magick-rotation folder to where your distro wants custom udev rules added.  Use root/super user priviledges (since you are modifying a system file).
Examples:
For Ubuntu or openSUSE enter:
    sudo cp 62-magick.rules /etc/udev/rules.d/62-magick.rules
For Fedora enter:
    su - -c "cp /home/yourusername/Desktop/magick-rotation/62-magick.rules /etc/udev/rules.d/62-magick.rules"

Verify that 62-magick.rules is now present in /etc/udev/rules.d.  Once you do that you are done.  Reboot.

Now be sure to remove or rename the file 'firstrun' in the magick-rotation folder.  If an earlier Magick Rotation is running shut it down by right clicking on it's green rotating arrow icon and clicking on 'Quit'.  Drag and drop the magick-rotation folder onto 'yourusername' in the left column of 'Places' (/home/yourusername).  If it asks if you want to replace the magick-rotation folder say "Yes to all".  To install open the folder and right click on 'magick-rotation' and select 'Properties'. Then click on the 'Permissions' tab. Verify "Allow executing file as a program" is checked, if not check it, and close. Now double click on 'magick-rotation' and choose 'Run'. The applet is installed.  [In Fedora right click on the Magick Rotation tray icon (green arrow upper right) and then click on Save.  That will install Magic Rotation in Startup Applications.]   Magick Rotation should now be working for you.

